The game started with around 20 or so people in an audience before the king. His guards were at his side, and he explained that this audience is to collect volunteers for a mission to investigate disturbances in the countryside... farms are being razed. Goats, Peacocks, pigs, cows, are all being slaughtered and there are rumors in the farms that it is a black robed witch that is doing it. Any volunteers willing to investigate and stop the source of the killings will be rewarded.
Around half the group leaves, not wanting to bother with it, and the rest stay to receive instruction. Among them are three of the King's all-male guard (Two Minotaurs and one Half-Orc Barbarian) and the rest are specialized in certain areas, a Half-Elf rogue man, A Dwarven axe-weilder, A human woman with psionic powers, and two sorcerer men (one who looks like he's a little more foreboding, the other looks more flashy.)

So, the group leave, stock up in town (there was much quibbling over potions because there's no divine healer), and invesigate the countryside. The livestock is indeed dead (killed within the last day or so), and it seems as if it's for parts. The psionic woman suggests asking the farm house for more info, but everybody has a mild deja-vu (as if in some alternate reality the minotaur kills the psionic woman at the farm house) so instead they look for tracks and find them... leading south into the forest. It's common knowledge that this forest is very mundane, and there's no inhabitants but beyond the forest is a cave which is known to house monstrous spiders. Following those tracks the party notices there is a black robed figure running south in the far distance. The Half-Orc does his best to catch up, but the figure, noticeably shorter than human at 2 and a half feet, makes it into the caves.

In the caves, the Dwarf leads, and finds rubble in an arch pattern leading to a side corridor. The party investigates that it leads into a basement room of sorts, and in the center is a makeshift table, surrounded by shelves with "ingredients" and "components." The infernal sorcerer notices these are not standard effects, that it's powerful magic things for this area. The flashy sorcerer notices a furry book and goes to touch it, but it attacks him and bites him. He is injured, and reflexively pulls away then blasts it with magic missile. It poofs into confetti. The psion grabs a book, so does the Dwarf. They open it, but absolutely nobody can read it, or detect magic from it. They KNOW it's magical because there are pictures of magical creatures (some unheard of but some heard of) and magical items like enchanted capes, wands, etc. The Dwarf, bored, leaves. Everybody follows.

Going further down the first corridor reveals the path gets wider and wider, until it's a very wide room that seems to have stacked stone pillars inside. This handiwork is not human or dwarf... something... more crude. Investigating the "right" path, they find four kobolds trying to close up another archway crudely. 

Deciding the center path might be more profitable, they notice webs, and remember the monstrous spiders, so it's back to the kobolds. 

The party first sends the flashy sorcerer to talk things over with the kobolds, but that doesn't seem to work well, so the party quickly kills all four. Investigating what they were boarding up, they find a dead kobold, who was likely bitten by a spider and decide to throw the torch to burn the webs, but leave that corridor as they didn't want to face the loads of spiders they hear.
Further down that corridor, they find boarded corridors, crudely made with quarters for sleeping. Most of them are empty save one with a dead kobold who looks to have died of poison. The last doorway at the end of the hall is not boarded, in fact there are two sleeping kobolds inside with their weapons/armors across the room from them. They must be heavy sleepers, because they did not wake up when their comrades died. The weaker but more stubborn minotaur wakes them up by kicking one of their beds, and they both scramble, to be grabbed and slammed into a wall. They are both concussed but able to be interrogated. They all ask questions until, lo and behold, the kobold who is talkative has no answers of value, so the minotaur eats the talkative one. The other one (younger brother) poops himself, but they don't eat him, they make him their slave, forcing him to show them the corridor they haven't been down.

He shows them, but they haven't gotten very far, so there's nothing but a hallway with a dead end. Back to the center path with spiders, because the party realizes the black hooded figure went in but it hasn't come out. The slave kobold reveals the black hooded figure can go past the spiders because of his stick, so they go back for the slave's stick plus his brothers, and confiscate them. The flashy sorcerer takes one, and so does the psion. The psion instructs the kobold to show them how to use it, and he does. There's a specific word you use to make it work.
So, the group face off with spiders, using the minotaurs as a phalanx, and the dwarf tumbling and slicing. The psion keeps stunning the spiders but the flashy sorcerer can't seem to get the hang of it. The infernal sorcerer misses with his orbs, too, but the rogue throws well with her royal dagger. The minotaur is bit and poisoned before the end.
After all the spiders are killed, the group go further down to see flashes of light along with hearing spider sounds. When they get closer, they see the hooded figure using the wand to create cuts on the spiders. Instantly, the psion is jealous cause her wand doesn't flashy flashy. So, she listens trying to hear that command word while trying to use the other to paralyze spiders. She can paralyze but that other spell isn't as easy. The group charges and the kobold is pinned. The spiders are killed, and the kobold is interrogated. He explains about his mistress, that he didn't kill any livestock, and that their quarrel is not with him. The minotaur decides to kill him anyway. So, the party upon searching finds a bag with some animal parts inside, obviously potion ingredients, and no other exits.

Leaving the cave, they discover the footprints that led them into the forest leading from the cave to the farmstead too.

When they reach the farmstead again, they decide to knock on the door to the house. The old lady inside cracks the door saying "yes?"
Old lady! tracks leading back! She must be the witch! ...or so that's how the party thinks...
The psion shows three wands and says "we'd like to know how to use these"
The door is quickly shut and locked.
The minotaur bashes the door down and scares the bejeezus out of the old woman, and the party show her the dead kobold apprentice. The poor woman nearly has a heart attack and cowers in fear. The party decide that she's not the witch after all. They go to see if they can commune with the dead kobold sorcerer in town but they are shocked to find the normal guards at the gates are missing. They rush in to the castle, because something must be up, but the doors to the castle are locked. The rogue knows another way in. The party exit through the king's bedroom into the castle royal chamber, to find the last of the guards being downed and TWO blacked robed human sized figures advancing on the King. ACTION!

The flashy sorcerer tries to magically pimp slap the larger figure (McNair) who by the way has an executioner's axe. The smaller of the two, the woman (Bellatrix), is very intent on the king, but can't seem to use her powers extremely well here. McNair downs the stronger minotaur, but the psion downs him. The Half-Orc kills him. The Rogue is intent on throwing daggers at the witch, the king tries running away, and the whole party converge on the witch. McNair's body and wand both fade into air. The king gets the door unlocked but before he can open it and flee the witch summons a fire wall, scorching the dwarf. The infernal sorcerer throws acid which accidentally hits the weaker but more assertive minotaur. The rogue ties up the witch, and the hurt minotaur chops off her wand hand. Unfortunately... this makes her lose control of her fire, and poof... the large area goes up in flames. The hurt minotaur dies, but the rogue forces a potion down the minotaur's throat and he survives to be healed more. The dead body of Bellatrix fades into air.

The King thanks the party for a job well done... they all receive special quarters for the night, and attend a celebration in the morning. It's discovered that the guards were not actually killed, just knocked out. The party is healed, rests, and receives items fit for their reward that they request during the ceremony. 
The scholars of the land determine that the books they found in the cave are from another land, and they figure out how to make the potion to that land with the ingredients that are already there. The psion also figures out that the wand likes her, but not the other two. And then they also explain that if the two who were just killed dissappeared with their wands, then these three wands should also have disappeared if their wizards left or died...

---end narrative.

Everybody gained enough experience to move to 4th level, and people have the option to make new 4th level characters instead. If they keep the original characters, they get bonus items they asked for from the king, but either way, they get the standard gold a 4th level character should have (5,400g)
Backstories would be wonderful to have, as it can help to tie in character info to the plot. 
